Now that we've seen how to save objects on pass and to retrieve them by the ID we're going to look at
some more advanced queries and see how we can search the past database and retrieve particular sets
of data.
So just before we do that let's jump back over to our past dashboard and look at our score object.
And I just want to show you that if you want to you can add objects directly through the past dashboard.
So I say I want to add a score for
maybe he's doing a bit better than me at the game.
And let's add another one
for Ralphie who is doing better than all of us.
OK.
So you need to do that very much but it can be useful.
So if you want to update something in your testing you don't have to write code in your app to do it.
So let's say I wanted to get all of the scores saved on path server and return them to my app.
Well I set up a query much like we did before.
So I passed Querrey on a pass subject call it query and this is going to be a past query get query on
the school class
and this time I use query dot find in background.
So rather than get in background and we're going to have a new find callback and this is where
our objects will be returned and you can see as a list of past objects so let's check first off to see
if a is null and then say we first off wanted to find out how many objects had been returned.
We could use looked at I find in background and then retrieved
and then we just use our objects list size
objects
so we can also use that to test that we've actually got some results.
So if objects does size
is greater than zero then let's loop through those results so forth.
And then we'll create a passive object called object that each item in objects
and for each one of those log find in background
results and then
we use object and oddities object to strengthen our
OK.
So this will now return all the items in the school class.
Tell us how many there are.
And then with any luck loop through them and show us the values within each object let's have a look.
And here we go.
So you can see retrieved three objects I could add them with a space then and then each individual object
returned for us as well.
Obviously if we wanted to get the individual values within those objects we might use something like
object.
Don't get string and then say we wanted to get the usernames we could just do that.
OK.
So that's fairly useful.
But what if we wanted to get the school of an individual user.
So say I wanted to get Tom in school and display it for some reason then we would add a search criteria
to our query so we might do something like queery don't where you can see we've got a huge range of
queries here and this is one of the reasons why Passover is so powerful that we can search in so many
different ways.
But we're going to do a pretty simple one to start with.
So we're equal to and you can see we've got a string for the key and then a value for the object.
So we want to search for Tommys school.
So we want to search where username is equal to the Tommy
and we might also want to limit it to a number of objects.
We are only expecting one here so we could set the limits to be 1 so that we would return a maximum
of one result.
But we're only expecting one anyway.
But it's always a good idea especially if you're updating things to set a limit where you expect one
to be there just in case there's an issue with your code and you end up updating every object to the
same value.
It's not a great thing today.
So let's have a look remind ourselves what's Tommy score is the term score is 250 so with any luck that
number will be displayed in the logs.
Yep.
And there it is sort of retrieve one object.
Unfortunately there I've got to change
the code to get it.
And then the point that we want to get is the score
and then we're going to want to see a string.
So that should now show us the score.
That's just a quick test and then we get a result of 250 billion.
So time for a challenge I think what I'd like you to do is sticking with our school class out game for
some reason he's going to give an extra 50 points to everyone who has a score greater than 200.
So sadly I'm going to just miss out that anyone who has a score greater than 200 gets an extra 50 points.
So see if you can write the code for that.
Again ideally not looking back at this.
I'll leave it there for you just in case.
Best of luck.
Go for it.
All right.
Have you managed it.
I'm just going to comment out
OK from before.
And then get it off the screen.
And then we get so we want to find everyone that has a score greater than 200 and then increase their
score by 50 say we use a pass query on pass objects
it's called Querrey.
It's just one part object and this is going to be parsed Querrey don't get Querrey on the score class.
Now we wanted everyone who had a score greater than 200.
So let's see if we can work out how to do that.
So equerry don't where and I can see a method that way greater than which looks exactly what we want.
So we want the school to be greater than 200 that we get.
So that's the only limiting factor that we need.
I'm not going to put a limit on this one because I want to update all scores that are greater than 200.
So then we're going to find in background with a new find Colback
I'm going to check if
he is no and objects
is not now and then I'm going to loop through objects say for PARSE object object
in objects looping through objects and creating an object each time.
All I want to do is object.
Don't put.
And then I want to put the score to be equal to the object.
Don't get in school plus 50.
Simple as that that gets the original score here and 52 and then puts that as the score value in the
object.
And then I'll do a simple save in background and I say we've got no locks there.
But when it runs it should add 50 to
those two scores.
OK.
Let's take it again.
Use Refresh.
And there we go.
You can see they've both gone up by 50 points.
Brenham so well done.
If you managed to do that we're almost ready to start making an Instagram app.
But the one other class that we need to be particularly aware of is the use of class because most of
the apps that we're going to build require some way to identify our user and that's something that passive
is very useful for.
So in the next video we'll see how to log users in and sign them up using past server.